Improve and expand the tutorials (#3)
ml6team/fondant-usecase-controlnet: src/README.md

5. [**Add Segmentation Maps**](https://github.com/ml6team/fondant/tree/main/components/segment_images): This component segments the images using the [UPerNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/upernet) model. Each segmentation map contains segments of 150 possible categories listed [here](https://huggingface.co/openmmlab/upernet-convnext-small/blob/main/config.json#L110).

## Environment

Please check that the following prerequisites are:
- A python version between 3.8 and 3.10 is installed on your system
  ```shell
  python --version
  ```
- Docker compose is installed on your system and the docker daemon is running
  ```shell
  docker compose version
  docker info
  ```
- A GPU is available (recommended, but not required)
  ```shell
  nvidia-smi
  ```
- Fondant is installed
  ```shell
  fondant
  ```

## Implementing the pipeline

The pipeline is implemented in [pipeline.py](pipeline.py). Please have a look at the file so you 
understand what is happening.

For more details on the pipeline creation, you can have a look at the 
[pipeline.ipynb](pipeline.ipynb) notebook which describes the process step by step.

## Running the pipeline

> This pipeline will generate prompts, retrieve matching images in the laion dataset, download then 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pipeline will generate prompts, retrieve urls of matching images in the laion dataset, download them 
```

and generate corresponding captions and segmentations. If you added the optional `write_to_hf_hub` 
component, it will write the resulting dataset to the HF hub.

Fondant provides multiple runners to run our pipeline:
- A Docker runner for local execution
- A Vertex AI runner for managed execution on Google Cloud
- A Kubeflow Pipelines runner for execution anywhere

> Here we will use the local runner, which utilizes docker-compose under the hood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we will use the local runner, which utilizes Docker compose under the hood.
```
